W02 Assignment: Explain Abstraction

What is abstraction and why is it important?

Abstraction is basically about hiding the messy details
of how something works and only showing what someone else
actually needs to know to use it. When I'm building a class, 
I'm not trying to explain every internal step to whoever 
calls my code — I just want to give them a clean, 
simple way to get the result they need, without them having
to care about what's happening under the hood.

A big benefit of this is that it makes your code way easier
to maintain and change later. If all the internal logic is hidden
behind a method, I can go in and completely rewrite how that method
works internally, and nothing else in the program breaks, 
because nobody outside that class was relying on the internal 
details anyway — they were just calling the method.

A good real-world application of this is something like a 
"PromptGenerator" class in a journaling app. 
Right now it might just pull a random prompt from a hardcoded list,
but down the line you could switch it to pull prompts from a web API
or database instead. As long as the method signature stays the same, 
nothing else in the program has to know or care that the internal logic changed.

Here's an example from my program:

public class PromptGenerator
{
    private List<string> _prompts = new List<string> {
        "What made you smile today?",
        "Describe a challenge you overcame.",
        "What are you grateful for right now?"
    };

    public string GetRandomPrompt()
    {
        Random rand = new Random();
        int index = rand.Next(_prompts.Count);
        return _prompts[index];
    }
}

Any other part of my program just calls GetRandomPrompt() 
and gets a string back. It doesn't know or need to know that 
the prompt is coming from a hardcoded list — that detail is abstracted away.
If I later change this to pull from a database, the calling code 
stays exactly the same. That's the whole point of abstraction — it lets you
change the internals without breaking everything that depends on it.
